Just by you
I'm no longer the one who was at your mercy
Child
I am your twin brother
What is Gong Luoming?
The two of us guard the dragon vein together
I am loyal to you
You also promised me to inherit
But then what?
You actually put the position of the gatekeeper of Genting Group
Pass it on to this ignorant Gong Luoming
He also made him the CEO of Genting Group.
So you get revenge
Revenge Genting Group
Of course I'm your brother
I am stronger than you
i
The one who is most qualified to inherit Genting Group
You have no eyes
You actually kicked me out at a critical moment
I refuse to accept that I must prove my ability
So what did you do?
I learned from Mr. K, the richest man in the world
And he taught me everything he'd ever learned.
presumably
You also know Qiangsheng Group, right?
It's an industry that I've built.
Now the top few in the world
Not losing to your Genting Group at all
Xue Zhilong, I respected you so much back then
Even make you a god
Your behavior has disappointed me so much.
owner
Genting Group's property will further shrink after that
Our crisis is also further expanding
Hahahaha
today
I will let you Genting Group from this position
Disappear hum